---
layout: default
title: "Updat.e"
tags: personal
---

I'm not depressed. I feel really good at the moment - maybe a bit overwhelmed by being actually busy for the first time in a while - but such societal hoardings make me check myself. I'm not the type to judge. I don't give a fuck. I strive to help - maybe this put me in certain sticky situations. Nonetheless, it makes me feel pretty good. 
She asked for the first time in a while something that isn't related to what I paid for - it felt heartless. Sounds like a love story - it's arguably not, maybe just platonic. Emotional transfer is brain fuckery.
Micro house is growing more and more on me. Used to hate it with passion. Maybe it was Her that influenced this upon me. The only conflict that happened this year. Used to live very conflictually - many friends, much trouble. Now I find myself embedded in loneliness and hoping for the best to come. Stopped forcing myself into anything. It surely was Her. I loved the joviality. I always thought she gave 0 fucks about anything. So soothing, It's something I couldn't ever achieve. I fell for her unavailability. It was doomed to fail. I blamed everyone else, for a bit, while also blaming myself. Now I see this as a way to motivate me, to build something that counts. 
It's so ironic; never thought that the past catches up on you. Strange how everybody seems to know everybody. Get to know a friend's friend and he probably knows of someone you know. I was aware of this, but could never imagine what it could be like. It's them really knowing me that frightens me. Not being able to start wif a clean plate is really fucked. They shouldn't know, trust me. It's better for their own sake.
The first time I'd entered that house everything was different. Just a couple of degrees hotter than now, just a bit of sweat trickling down my cheeks. Infatuated. Dazed. Confused. Living in oblivion. Selfless. I'd sat and had such a frugal talk about something that I'd think would be complicated. Confused. Cleaning up meticulously. Thought for a moment that would be a mad house. Decided to stay. I don't know yet how I feel about 

_Haven't finished what I planned. Will reboot this summer. Most likely with better content and people that count._
